So let's continue.
So in the previous lecture, we had created a cluster and the type was Fargate cluster.
So in Fargate Cluster, the infrastructure at the back end is going to be managed by AWS team.
Now, in this lecture, I will show you how we can add the task to the cluster.
So this is my empty cluster.
And here you can see we do not have any service, we do not have any task.
And nothing is here.
We just created a cluster.
Now let me click on task and I'm going to create a task for this cluster.
So here we have an option run new task.
So let me click on that.
So basically with this way, you are going to align a task to the cluster.
But suppose if you want to create a new task, then you have to click on this option task definition
and here you can create a new task.
I will show you in the later lecture in detail how to create the task.
So let me first click on clusters and this is my newly created cluster and click on task.
And then click on run new task.
So this is my Fargate cluster.
So obviously the task launch type should be Fargate only and operating system I want it should be Linux
and here you can see there is already one task.
So at the time of creation of cluster, initially I had shown you how to create a cluster and with the
diagram I had shown you creation of the cluster.
So at that time it has created one task.
So no worries.
I will show you how to create the task.
So this time for testing purpose.
I'm just using the task which is already available on my this system and this is the revision number and
platform.
So here we have 2 platforms.
So let me click on this one and this is the cluster.
So I want this task should be the part of which cluster I want should be the part of my this Fargate
demo cluster, number of tasks.
So how many task you want for this cluster?
Suppose you have mentioned 1 then only 1 task would be running.
Or in simple word we can say only 1 container would be running.
If you have mentioned 2, it means 2 containers would be running.
So I'm just choosing 1 only I will show you multiple task as well and cluster VPC.
So I'm choosing this one.
This is my VPC, which I had created in the previous lectures and subnet.
So I'm just choosing public subnet only.
But when you are doing, you can choose all the subnets.
And security group.
Let me go with the default one and or.
Let me choose this one, which I had created.
Save.
I'm not going with the advanced options, and then I'm just click on a run task.
So the task which I have chosen here is simply an nginx application.
So here you can see this task status is provisioning and it will take some time and you can see after
some time the status would be running.
So let me keep on refreshing it.
Now you can see the status of the task it is in Running State, so just click on the task.
And here we have this public IP.
Just copy and put it in the browser.
So here you can see this task is running.
So let me tell you one more time what exactly I have explained here.
So this is my cluster.
And here you can see the running task is one.
As of now, we do not have any service which we have defined.
So let me click on my this cluster and the services.
No task is one.
And ECS instances.
So if I'll click here, you won't see any instances here.
Let me show you.
And where this task is running.
So obviously, it is running in some infrastructure which is being managed by the AWS.
So we need not to worry about where this task is running.
And also this task is a part of cluster and everything seem fine.
So what is the service here?
Service basically you can create a service and in the service you can define the tasks.
So once you will create a service and defining the task, then your service would be responsible for
managing the task.
Here, this task is running.
But suppose if this task has been stopped by N number of reason, then there is no service.
Who is monitoring this task?
So this task, if it is stop, then it will be continue in the stop state.
Let me show you.
Let me select this and stop.
Now you can see that there is no running task.
And if I'll refresh it, you won't see any new task is running.
But suppose if I would have created this task using this service, then the service would be responsible
for this task.
If I have manually stop this task, after some time, the service will recreate a new task and it will
be in provisioning state.
And after time and after some time it would be in running state.
So in the next lecture I'm going to create a task using this service.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.